hello lovelies I'm Mike up and welcome
to the artifact milk a few weeks ago I
did a China do preview on the tint my
brow this particular one is in the color
gray what you're supposed to do with
this is just painted the liberal late on
your eyebrow in the shape that you want
leave it on for a minimum of two hours
and then peel it off yes I said that
right peel it off it hurts like crazy
and it did pull out a few of my eyebrows
but I just so happened to get lucky and
because it is Christmas time amazon
prime had a flash sale and I got the
Wonder Browne to this is wonder too it
is a one-step brow gel and how you are
supposed to use this is you just ever so
slightly put it on your your brows in a
hair light stroke in this direction of
your hair and then you take a spoolie
I've got one it comes with a spoolie
right here and you just even it out so
let's give this a try I'm just gonna
shake see how well this stuff does I'm
just going to wipe the brush down quite
a bit and see
mmm there's a little spotty right there
I'm sure I can clean that up let's see
if we can clean that up with a smoothie
maybe oh this stuff is lovely it goes on
so nicely and it looks so natural let me
do the other eye I suck at my left eye
on everything just about especially
mascara and eye brow so let's see if we
can get this to match it's almost like
powder when it goes on the stuff is
incredible I love it what do you think
well that's it for me today thank you so
much for watching and spending your
valuable time with me if you're
interested in seeing more reviews like
this one just let me know leave me a
message down below if you want to join
the milk guild please subscribe and if
you want to talk i'm on instagram
facebook and so many others all linked
below until next time I'm Micah have a
blessed day